Raw remote (#1382)
reach-sh/reach-lang: docs/src/rsh/consensus/index.md

    The minimum balance will decrease on a `CloseOut` or `ClearState` transaction.
  + `{!rsh} opts.strictPay` does not optimize away `pay` or `axfer` transactions that are statically zero.
    If this is needed, and not included, then `{!rsh} remote` calls that require a payment transaction to always be present, even if the amount is zero, could fail.

>   + `{!rsh} opts.rawCall` is a bool (default false) that when true omits the method selector from the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  + `{!rsh} opts.rawCall` is a boolean (default `{!rsh} false`) that when `{!rsh} true` omits the ABI method selector from the call.
```
